docs: link radio driver docs (#2407)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread.rst

Thread requires the following Zephyr's modules to properly operate in |NCS|:

* :ref:`zephyr:ieee802154_interface` radio driver - This library is automatically enabled when working with OpenThread on Nordic Semiconductor's Development Kits.

>   Its advanced features are implemented through :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_802154_sl` in `nrfxlib`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Its advanced features are implemented through the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_802154_sl` in `nrfxlib`_.
```
It resolves to "... Service Layer", correct?

Author: Correct.

To address this issue, a device that uses the 802.15.4 radio driver can cooperate with an external Packet Traffic Arbiter (PTA).
The PTA allows only one radio to transmit its packet at a time.

> For more information, read `Wi-Fi coexistence documentation`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, read the `Wi-Fi coexistence documentation`_.
```

PA/LNA module (FEM support)
---------------------------

The PA/LNA module increases the range of communication by providing APIs that act as interface for several types of external front-end modules (FEMs).
Inside the radio driver library, a three-pin FEM model support is included.

> For more information, read `PA/LNA module documentation`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, read the `PA/LNA module documentation`_.
```

The antenna diversity module allows the 802.15.4 radio device to select the appropriate antenna for transmission or reception, when the device is equipped with two antennas.
This can help improve the radio communication parameters in difficult radio environments.

For more information, read the `antenna diversity documentation`_.

Configuring antenna diversity
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In |NCS|, the antenna diversity module is enabled by default for TX operations.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could change it to something like "The antenna for TX operations needs to be controlled manually by the application". Current sentence does not imply there is no auto mode for TX

> In |NCS|, the antenna diversity TX operations need to be controlled manually by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In |NCS|, the antenna diversity TX operations must be controlled manually by the application.
```
